Let's talk about valuing companies using price to revenue.
OK so by the end of this section you'll understand what price to revenue is why it's important value
a company and how the process works.
OK.
So how should we value companies that are going public but aren't yet profitable like Air B and B or
snap chat or super great companies.
But there's no profits.
How do we value them.
There's no cashflow there's no earnings but they have revenue.
So the answer is price to revenue price to revenue is a great valuation technique.
When a company is not profitable.
OK.
If you think logically about price to revenue it really is the same thing as market capitalization divided
by revenue.
Right it's just a price.
Right.
OK.
So let's talk about market cap to revenue or Prester revenue for Twitter and Facebook.
Of course we'll be using Yahoo Finance which is awesome go to finest yahoo dot com.
Right.
And here we can get the market cap for these companies which is the price right and the revenue.
And as you can see there's no earnings for Twitter.
So how are we to compare these two companies.
Well we've got the market cap and we've got the revenue.
Okay let's go into finance dot yahoo dot com and get the revenue for both those companies.
All right let's grab it here.
There you go.
You have revenue for both companies here and we're to take price to our revenue or the market catamite
by revenue.
Okay let's do it.
All right.
So Twitter is five times revenue and Facebook is 18 times revenue.
Facebook's a much better company.
Obviously Twitter's had a lot of management issues lately and turnover and people are questioning the
business about a little bit.
I think it's a great company.
OK.
So there you go.
So be uber.
Snapchat should trade I guess closer to one of these.
But because those companies are growing faster than Facebook I would say that they should trade to the
right of Facebook or at a higher price revenue multiple.
Right.
So it's debatable it's debatable but this is a cool methodology to use if you don't know what earnings
or cash flow is